Add VFS - Windows Storage Sense (#493)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/vfs.adoc

----
attrib +U -P .\* /D /S
----

== Manage Drive Space With Storage Sense

> Microsoft provides a mechanism called `Storage Sense` which can automatically free up drive space for applications that use VFS. This is done by turing files that were set to be xref:vfs-states[locally available] back to cloud-based content, which are xref:vfs-states[placeholder files] on the local drive, requiring no space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft provides a mechanism called `Storage Sense` which can automatically free up drive space for applications that use VFS. This is done by turning files that were set to be xref:vfs-states[locally available] back to cloud-based content, which are xref:vfs-states[placeholder files] on the local drive, requiring no space.
```

You can enable or disable Storage Sense via Windows menu:Settings[System > Storage > Storage]:

image::vfs/vfs-settings-storage.png[Access storage configuration, width=400]

> and configure the general behaviour respectively each VFS relationship individually via the following section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and configure the general behavior or each VFS relationship individually via the following section:
```
